Why haven't the people from the three major sects come yet?
You booked the room
The three major sects' imperial palaces were completely wiped out
How could this be?
How dare you sneak attack
You and Qingyun Xianjun were originally masters and apprentices
But let the thief corrupt
Still not dead to this day
I just know the current affairs as Junjie
Why don't you understand this?
Lord Tianmo bloodied the cultivation world
It's just a matter of time
I'm not like you idiots
Knowing that he must die, he must also give recalcitrance
If you can understand the current affairs like I do
Become the right-hand man of Lord Tianmo
I believe that Lord Tianmo will not be treated unfairly
We are under the orders of our master to protect the immortal world
How can I step out of the cage like you
You will die this heart
A gentleman holds his own and nourishes his own righteousness
Since ancient times, evil has not worried about each other
Today we will help Qingming Xianjun clean up the door
Then none of you can leave alive today
Help the world's authentic evil
then
Win the Haoran Righteousness of Heaven and Earth